Before you can create a post,
you need to think about who your audience is.
Your post is for them.
You need to write in a way that lets your audience relate to the topic of your post.
If your audience is a bunch of programmers and data scientists,
it can be useful to write in a way that expresses the technical details of your work.
Talk about the edge cases and the difficulties of the data you are working with.
Share your thought process and working through these difficulties.
It is important to help them understand why you chose certain strategies.
If you came up with a creative solution,
help your audience understand why you think it's better than existing solutions.
On the other hand,
if your audience's general and abroad group,
it's important that your post is relatable for these individuals.
You should discuss your questions of interests and your results for each question.
Discuss the interesting findings in a way that anyone can relate to.
It's easy to forget how far someone might be from the project you are working on,
while you're head has been immersed and the context for awhile,
most of your audience's heads have not.
Try asking someone unfamiliar with your work to read
through it and then ask them what they took away from it.
If the points they took away match your goals for the post,
this can ensure that you're writing in a way
that emphasizes your main points to the reader.